Rainbows appear in seven colors because water droplets break white sunlight into the seven colors of the spectrum (red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet). You can only see a rainbow if the Sun is behind you and the rain in front.
rainbow poem added


Rainbow Poems:

Rainbows are smiles.
Rainbows are frowns. 

additional changes to master branch:
Play with Rainbow, wear the Rainbow

Ride the Rainbow high and low

Spread the color of Rainbow wherever you go

Paint with Rainbow, create a magnificent show

Share Rainbow with neighbor, family and friend

Give the needy a helping hand, reach out and extend

Dance with Rainbow, sing with Rainbow

Let the Rainbow shine through

Rainbow comes from Sun Shine and rain seven colors true

It paints the sky with seven colors and dazzling hue

It bridges the Earth and the beyond for a short moment

Arched, end to end, never changes, same as past and present

I wonder if there is Rainbow in the other world

Where we go when we pass on

Is there day, night or dawn

What is a Rainbow, how it is born



Unicorns and Rainbows refers to a feeling of perpetual bliss; only to be described as pure happiness and satisfaction. It describes what it means to finally find your true happy ending. Unicorns are nature’s most mystical creatures. When you find your Unicorn it will lead you to the end of the rainbow and to your "pot of gold".


I like ponies, so i have describe regarding it:

As nouns the difference between pony and unicorn. is that pony is pony (horse) or pony can be bangs, fringe (haircut ) while unicorn is a mythical beast resembling a horse with a single, straight, spiraled horn projecting from its forehead.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Lives are crying because it's not clean,
Earth is dying because it's not green...

Earth is our dear Mother, don't pollute it,
She gives us food and shelter, just salute it...

With Global Warming, it's in danger,
Let's save it by becoming a strong ranger...

With dying trees and animals, it's in sorrow,
Make green today and green tomorrow...

With melting snow, one day it will sink,
How can we save it, just think...

Trees are precious, preserve them,
Water is a treasure, reserve it...

Grow more trees, make Mother Earth green,
Reduce pollution and make her a Queen...

Source: https://www.familyfriendpoems.com/poem/make-it-green
